I was telling you that when we graduate from college we believe that,
the outside world will be waiting for us with open arms, greeting us with flowers, etc
That we have done something incredible by graduating.
(English)
Degree can't prove anything.
You have to prove yourself,
by what you are.
Patience,
patience,
patience comes through passion.
If you have got passion for something,
naturally, you
you will be
using your patience also
(Urdu)
About "three idiots", you should ask him
I always say
follow your passion
With the release of the film "three idiots"
Now people have begun to understand this
Before in Pakistan,
there used to be three  professions.
One of them was
an engineer
The other one was a doctor
and the third one was an unfortunate
Everyone and the parents used to say,
this one is an unfortunate.
(English)
I was an assistant director in cooperatives,
but there wasn't anything creative,
there wasn't anything which,
mattered
so I resigned
and temperamentally, I think I was
born with this thing
And I love teaching
And teaching is something like a
like a gardener
he plants small plants
and they grow
and they bear flowers and fruits
So going to observe them
growing
is a very satisfying experience
so if you are good to somebody he is going to,
pay you back
(Urdu)
You are making a very small sketch, why
Right now you are doing individual shapes,
in a small size.
(English)
Painting is something,
an escape from your...
its an escape from your pain
so when you are involved in something,
then, you forget,
your sufferings.
If he asked me, who are you?
It's a very difficult question,
because I don`t know,
who I am.
If I tell him my name,
that doesn`t mean anything.
my face,
doesn`t mean anything
because my face is a...
is a mask.
everybody is wearing a mask
nobody know, who
who am I
It`s a difficult question, I
I don`t know if I
tell him my name
and my profession
what does it matter
Life is,
one day morning till evening
the gone is gone
and what is coming to you,
who knows what is coming next
but today is important
like you go on peeling an onion
Till the last minute you expect that something come out of it.
And then...it`s gone.
And nothing comes out of it.
What matters is today.
Morning till evening
So everybody lives,
practically, everybody lives one day.
Today
How can..
my experience
help to coming generations
because everything will be different
Passing on my experience
Yes, collectively knowledge
is the starting point
of the next generation
so they will have their own experiences
life is such a game
it`s a game
when you understand the rule of the life,
the time is up.